#summary This style guide contains documenting style guide for NTL headers.
#labels Phase-Design,Phase-Documentation,Phase-Implementation,Style

= Introduction =

It contains following rules of documentation format:
 * file header 
 * groups
 * types
 * classes
 * class members
 * etc.

= Documentation formatting rules =

== File header ==

 File header consists of comment block which contains doxygen *file* and *brief* commands. The brief block contains long and short names of the Standart chapter with its number. Number and short name must be placed into square brackets. Example:
{{{
/**\file*********************************************************************
 *                                                                     \brief
 *  Long name [1.11 short.name]
 *
 ****************************************************************************
 */
}}}


== Groups ==
=== 1. Standart chapters grouping ===

 Standart issues can be grouped in documentation by grouping doxygen commands: *defgroup* or *addtogroup*, *ingroup*.

_Here I don't know about standart style. There are few examples, and we must to standardize it:_
{{{
/**\defgroup  lib_utilities *** 20 General utilities library [utilities] *****
 *
 *    Components used by other elements of the Standard C + + library.
 *@{
 */
}}}
{{{
/**\defgroup  lib_utility ************** Utility components [20.2] **********
 *
 *    basic function and class templates that are used throughout
 *    the rest of the library.
 *@{
 */
}}}

_Questions:
 # How to select a group name? From the main short name? (Which name must be used: `lib_utilities` or `utilities`?)
 # Where chapter number must be placed, before the chapter long name or in the brackets? Or before in Standart chapters and in square brackets in Standart paragraphs?